did you know that there's an easy way to
get 10 000 social media followers best
of all you can do it all with just a few
simple tools hey everyone i'm neil patel
and today i'm going to break down 10
free tools that will help you get your
first 10 000 social media followers
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel if you're on
youtube click the alert notification
according to hootsuite people spend on
average 2 hours and 24 minutes a day on
social media the number of social media
users is nearly 57 of the global
population
so now let's break down some tools
number one mobile monkey you can use it
to automate your instagram interactions
with people who engage with your content
what i mean by this is let's say someone
gives you or mentions you within a story
you can automatically thank him for this
by doing that it encourages them to
add you into more stories which then
eventually will get you more followers
or when you release a post you can tell
people hey if you
want a free guide leave a comment with
the keyword guide and then what you'll
do is you'll message them with a guy now
doing these kind of things will help you
get followers and build a deeper
connection with your audience which is
going to make them more likely to share
your content
double tap it or like it as well as talk
about you to other people second tool
socialblade
socialblade shows you who's doing well
on youtube and who is growing faster and
getting more engagement and more views
what i want you to do is model after the
winners it really is that simple
so let me give you a prime example of
this i have a seo channel on youtube
backlinko does ahrefs does uh eric sue
does and there's a lot of other markers
so what i'll do is i'll use socialblade
type in their user handles and it shows
me who's growing faster who's growing
slower and i look at the winners who's
doing really well in my space and i
learn from them just because i'm in
marketing and other people are marking
it doesn't mean that i know everything
you always want to take that mentality
of you can get better you can always
learn more from other people and if you
continually do that with your
competition you'll see what's working
for them and maybe they land on some
goldmine that you're not familiar with
and then you can start leveraging it too
the third tool google trends google
trend shows you what's hot
and what i love about this is if you
leverage what's hot you can start
posting content around that and you're
more likely to get more social media
followers in addition to there's some
industries that are older but if you
type in those keywords google trends
will show you if they're on an increase
or decline and it can even break that
down for you per region so you want to
make sure if you're using existing
topics that are really old that you're
talking about stuff that's on an
increase and not a decline because
that's on a decline it means people
aren't as interested in it which means
you won't get as many followers
the next tool i have for you is
mention.com
stay on top of the mentions of your
brand and your competitors brands and
this is a great way to learn from your
target audience is pain points what they
like what it relates to other products
or services what they're consuming and
by doing this it'll allow you to figure
out all right what do you need to be
doing better of what's not working in
your industry and i love hearing the
brand mentions because look
you need to be tracking the heartbeats
of your customers and by tracking every
little thing that they think about your
industry your product your service your
competitors it'll allow you to improve
and as you improve you'll get more loyal
fans more evangelists and more social
media followers
next tool for you not just analytics
analyze your instagram accounts and see
who's getting real engagement and that's
what this tool will help you do
it also helps you identify their top
performing content pieces and when
they've experienced spikes in growth so
you can identify what's moving the
needle for them see with instagram
there's just so many
types of content that people post from
stories to posts on the walls to ig tv
to reels you want to know what's working
for your competitors and the exact piece
of content because then it'll give you
ideas of what you should test and you
can also see what's not working for them
that doesn't mean that you shouldn't
post what's not working for them because
if you try it out maybe it'll work for
you but it'll at least give you an
inclination of what's working what's not
working in your industry and if it also
doesn't work from you you know to stay
away from it
the next tool that i love is a facebook
ad library
that'll end up showing you what ads your
competitors are running look a great way
to grow your following grow your sales
is to run ads and with the facebook ad
library you can just see what messaging
is working for your audience
for competitors pages what your audience
actually loves what people in your
industry like what they dislike and you
want to use those angles
in your both paid ads as well as the
free content that you end up pushing out
because if you look at a comparison
facebook ad library and that you're
seeing certain topics not doing well
well chances are if they paid for it and
it's still not doing well if you post
that stuff organically it's probably not
going to do well either
another tool that i love is canva it
helps you speed up the whole content
creation process they have battle tested
templates that just work so make sure
you check them out and you can literally
use their editors and with clicks of
button you can get really good creatives
or infographics and you don't need a
design bone in your body they also have
color templates and palettes in there
with these templates that already work
and you can just leverage them add your
logo in and boom you're off to the races
i also want you to check out agora pulse
you want to be more responsive to your
audience by centralizing all your
interactions in one place and that's
what agora pulse does
look the faster you interact with people
the faster you engage the faster you put
out fires in case there is one and it
does happen to a lot of companies and
brands over time the better off you're
gonna be
another tool is later this allows you to
schedule your social media content
publishing for all channels in just one
place this is really important because
as you schedule out your content it
allows you to post consistently one of
the keys to my growth on social media
isn't that i post the best content i try
but sometimes contents hit or miss where
it works or it doesn't work but by being
consistent i've been able to build up
followers over time
and the last time i want you to check
out is restream you can go live on all
the social platforms at once from
instagram to twitter to linkedin to
youtube to facebook by going live what
you'll find is these social platforms
are trying to compete with television
right just think about keeping up with
the kardashians just like how they do
live tv although it's not really live
and it's recorded and i don't know if
it's scripted or not nonetheless they
want that audience so they want to
encourage you to go live so if you go
live they're going to show your content
to more people than just the ones who
follow you
and by that you'll start getting more
followers and you'll be introduced to
new people and as you get more followers
and you keep going live you'll get more
and more interaction and sales when you
talk about your products your services
or just post other content so if you
check out those tools you'll start
getting on your way to 10 000 followers
if you need help with your social
profiles check out my ad agency np
digital if you have any questions leave
a comment below we're here to help if
you enjoyed the video like it share it
tell the people about it